"6 advantages to cloud computing";"1.  Go global in minutes
2. Stop spending money on data centers
3. Economies of scale
4. Increase speed and agility
5. Stop guessing capacity
6. Trade capital for variable expense"
"4 benefits of cloud computing";"1.  High Availabilty
2.  Elasticity
3.  Agility
4.  Durability"
"What is the difference between CapEx and OpEx?";"CapEx refers to capital expenditures, which are large, one-time investments in long-term assets such as property, plant, or equipment. OpEx, on the other hand, refers to operating expenditures, which are the ongoing, day-to-day expenses incurred in running a business such as salaries, utilities, and supplies."
"What is an AWS region?";"A physical geographic location with 2 or more Availability Zones"
"What is an Availability Zone?";"One or more physically separated datacenters with redundant power, networking, and connectivity while being interconnected with a latency link between them."
"What are Edge Locations?";"Cache content for delivery from a location closer to the end user"
"What is Latency?";"The time between the request and response"
"What are the three ways to access AWS?";"The AWS Management Console, the AWS CLI, AWS SDKs."
"What is the AWS Management Console?";"Allows you to access your AWS Account and manage resources/services from your web browser"
"What is the AWS Command Line Interface?";"Allows you to access your AWS Account and manage resources/services from your terminal"
"What is an SDK and what is it used for in AWS?";"Software Development Kits, access AWS resources programatically through programming languages such as Java or Python"
"What is Amazon EC2?";"Elastic Compute Cloud, allows you to manage virtual servers in the cloud."
"What is an AMI?";"Amazon Machine Images are images and maintened by AWS"
"What are the four ways to access an EC2 Instance?";"AWS Management Console
EC2 Instance Connect
Secure Shell
AWS Systems Manager"
"What are the EC2 Pricing Options?";"On-Demand
Spot
Reserved Instances
Dedicated Hosts
Savings Plan"
"What are the characteristics of the On-Demand pricing option?";"Fixed priced billed down to the second with no contract.
Scenarios:
- Low cost without up-front payment or long term contract
- Unpredictable and uninterruptible workloads
- Development
- Life-cycle of under a year"
"What are the characteristics of the Spot pricing option?";"Use unused EC2 capacity with the price fluctuating each hour.
Benefits:
Save up to 90% off On-Demand prices
Scenarios:
- Appliation can be started/stopped at any time.
- Interruptible workloads
- Low compute cost requirements"
"What are the characteristics of the Reserved Instances pricing option?";"1 or 3 year commitment in a specific region.  
Benefits:
- Up to 75% off On-Demand prices with discounts varying on all upfront, partial upfront, and no upfront payments.  
- If a convertible instance type is needed, it is up to 54% off the on-demand cost. 
Scenarios:
- Steady usage expectations
- Ability to pay upfront
- Capacity reservation requirements"
"What are the characteristics of the Dedicated Hosts pricing option?";"Dedicated physical server
Benefits:
- 70% off On-Demand prices
- No multi-tenancy
Scenarios:
- Support for server bound software licenses
- Regulatory Compliance"
"What are the characteristics of the Savings Plans pricing option?";"1 to 3 year commitment to compute usage.
Benefits:
- Up to 72% off On-Demand prices
Scenarios:
- Flexible compute needs across multiple services (EC2, Fargate, Lambda)
- Capacity reservation not required."
"What are On-Demand Capacity Reservations?";"Reservation of compute capacity for your Amazon EC2 instances in a specific Availability Zone to mitigate against coapacty constraints"
"What is Elastic Load Balancing?";"Distribute traffic across multiple EC2 instances."
"What are the four types of Elastic Load Balancers?";"Classic Load Balancers, Application Load Balancers, Gateway Load Balancers, Network Load Balancers"
"What does EC2 Auto Scaling do?";"Adds EC2 instances across availability zones based on demand"
"What is AWS Lambda?";"Write application code called functions that can be run without any infrastructure being provisioned.
Use-Cases:
Real-time file processing
E-mail notifications
Notes:
15-minute timeout"
"What is AWS Fargate?";"An automatically scaling serverless compute engine for containers such as Docker."
"What is Amazon Lightsail?";"Deploy an EC2 instance with all the preconfigured resources such as storage and a static IP."
"What is AWS Outposts?";"Run AWS services in your datacenter for hybrid deployment models."
"What is AWS Batch?";"Process AWS workloads in smaller chunks."
"What is Amazon S3?";"Amazon Simple Storage Service is a highly available object storage service.
Features
- 11 9's of durability
- 99.99% availability
- Unlimited storage
- Public and private
- Bucket level security policies
- Access logs
- Versioning
Notes
- Bucket names must be globally unique"
"What are the S3 Storage Classes?";"S3 Standard
S3 Intelligent-Tiering
S3 Standard Infrequent Access(IA)
S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (IA) 
S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval
S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval
S3 Glacier Deep Archive
S3 Outposts"
"What is S3 Standard and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 11 9s Durabilty / 99.99 Availability
- Multi-AZ Stroage
- Low Latency, high throughput
Uses:
- Frequently accessed data"
"What is S3 Intelligent-Tiering and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 11 9s Durabilty / 99.99 Availability
- Automatically moves data to the most cost-effective storage class
- No retrieval fees
- Multi-AZ Storage
Uses:
- Save costs when usage expectations are uknown."
"What is S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (IA) and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 11 9s Durabilty / 99.9 Availability
- Multi-AZ Storage 
- Cheaper than S3 Standard
Uses:
Long-term data, infrequently accessed data where speed is still important"
"What is S3 One Zone Infrequent Access and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 9 9s Durability / 99.5 Availability
- Single AZ storage
- 20% less than S3 Standard-IA
Uses:
Re-creatable/infrequently accessed data where speed is still important."
"What is S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 11 9s Durability
- Long term storage at lower costs
- Rerieval speed of 1-5m,3-5h, or 5-12h
- Multi AZ Storage
Usage:
- Backups"
"What is S3 Glacier Deep Archive and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 11 9s Durability
- Long term storage at lower costs
- Cheapest S3 option
- Multi AZ Storage
- 12h or 48h retrieval
Uses: 
- Very infrequetly accessed data
- Data retained for compliance."
"What is S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- 11 9s Durability / 99.99 Availability
- Multi AZ Storage
- Millisecond retrieval
Uses:
- Infrequently accessed data where fast retrieval is still necessary"
"What is S3 on OUtposts and what are it's uses?";"Features:
- Service to use S3 on-premises
Usage:
- Data that needs to be local for performance"
"What are uses for Amazon S3?";"- Static Sites
- Data Archive 
- Analytics Systems
- Mobile Applications"
"What are the storage options for the EC2 root drive?";"Instance store or EBS volume."
"What is an EC2 instance store?";"An ephemeral drive that does not persist when an instance is stopped or terminated.
Features:
Physically attached to EC2 isntance
Faster I/O"
"What is Amazon EBS?";"An Elastic Block Store which can be attached / removed from EC2 instances.  
Features:
- Persistant data
Limitations:
- Can only attach to one instance
- Only available in one AZ"
"What is Amazon EFS?";"A serverless network file system for Linux.
Notes:
Region-wide availability
More Expensive than EBS"
"What is Amazon Storage Gateway?";"Hybrid storage service for on-premise and cloud data storage"
"What is AWS Backup?";"Backup service for backing up data across many AWS services"
"What is a CDN?";"Caches content closer to the end user to deliver lower latency"
"What is Amazon CloudFront?";"Amazon's CDN
Features:
Speeds up delivery of content by caching in edge locations close to the end user
Geo restrictions
Can help stop DDoS attacks"
"What is the Distribution Cache?";"Collection of edge locations"
"What is an Edge Location?";"Data center where files are cached for the CDM"
"What is the Amazon Global Accelerator";"Improves latency and availability of single region applications by sending traffic through the AWS global network and automatically re-routes traffic to healthy regional endpoints resulting in a 60% performance boost."
"What is Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration?";"Provides faster tranfer of files over long distances"
"What is Amazon VPC?";"Amazon Virtual Private Cloud is a private network where resources can be launched to isolate and protect resources and spans across a region to connect resources between multiple availability zones."
"What is NACL?";"A network access control list which is a table that manages traffic into a subnet"
"What is VPC peering?";"Allows the transfer of data between two VPCs"
"What allows traffic to the public internet?";"The Internet Gateway"
"What is DNS?";"Domain Name Service - translates domain names to IP addresses"
"What is Amazon Route 53?";"Domain name service that provides DNS resolution, health checks, and domain name registration."
"What is AWS Direct Connect?";"Dedicated network connection between AWS and your datacenter.
Uses:
Large datasets
Hybrid environments
Increased security by bypassing ISP"
"What is Amazon VPN?";"Connects on-premises data center to AWS through the public internet.  
Features:
Encrypts data in transfer
Cheaper than direct connect"
"What is a Virtual Private Gateway?";"Supports VPN connections on the AWS side of an environment."
"What is a Customer Gateway?";"Supports VPN connections on the customer side of an AWS environment."
"What is AWS Site-to-Site VPN?";Creates a secure connection between your data center or office and your AWS resources using IP Security (IPSec) tunnels"
"What is an API Gateway?";"Service for creating, publishing, maintaining, monitoring, and securing APIs which access resources in AWS"
"What is Amazon RDS?";"Amazon Relational Database Service a highly available RDS service that makes launching and managing RD instances.  
Features:
Automatic patching, backups, and maintenance.
Easily launch read replicas"
"What is Amazon Aurora?";"A relational database compatible with MySQl and Postgres.
Features:
5x faster than MySQL, 3x faster than PostgreSQL
Auto-scaling"
"What is Amazon DynamoDB?";"Fully managed NoSQL key-value document DB
Features:
Autoscaling"
"What is Amazon DocumentDB?";"Non-relational document database with support for MongoDB"
"What is Amazon ElastiCache?";"In-memory datastore compatible with Redis/Memcached."
"What is Amazon Neptune?";"Serverless graph database service that supports highly connected datasets such as social media networks."
"Which database services support Postgres?";"RDS and Aurora"
"What can be used to reduce database load by caching frequently accessed data?";"ElastiCache"
"Which database service supports Oracle?";"RDS"
"Which database/service should be used for large datasets such as social media sites?";"Graph/Amazon Neptune"
"What is a NoSQL database service for millions of requests per second?";"DynamoDB"
"What is the service to manage MongoDB?";"Amazon DocumentDB"
"What are the supported database engines for RDS?";"Aurora, Postgres, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle, and SQL Server"
"What is the Amazon Database Migration Service?";"Migrate on-premises databases to AWS
Features:
Continuous data replication
Near no downtime"
"What is AWS Server Migration Service?";"Migrate on prem serves to AWS by converting the to an AMI"
"What is AWS Snow used for are the options available in AWS Snow?";"Transfer large amount of on-prem data to AWS.
Snowcone, Snowball/Snowball Edge, and Snowmobile"
"What is the AWS Snowcone?";"Provides online(datasync) and offline transport of up to 8TB of data"
"What is Snowball and Snowball Edge?";"Petabyte scale transport of data in or out of AWS with local compute that supports EC2 and Lambda."
"What is Snowmobile";"Truck that provides multi-petabyte/exabyte scale data transfer that is loaded into S3"
"What is AWS Datasync?";"Online data transfer from on-premises to AWS faster than open-source tools"
"What is a data warehouse?";"Aggregates massive amounts of historical data from separate sources for querying, reporting, analytics, and business intelligence"
"What is Amazon Redshift?";"Data warehousing solution.
Uses:
Data consolidation from multiple sources
Relational database that doesn't require real-time transaction processing such as inserts/updates/deletes."
"What is Amazon Athena?";"Query service for Amazon S3.  Analyze data in S3 using SQL with charge per query."
"What is AWS Glue?";"ETL ( Extract, transform, load ) service that prepares data from multiple sources for analytics."
"What is Kinesis?";"Analyze video and data streams(logs, clickstreams, IoT, ect) in real time"
"What is EMR?";"Elastic Map Reduce - process/analyze large amounts of data using Hadoop or other frameworks such as Apache Spark."
"What is Data Pipeline?";"Move database between compute and storage services on AWS or on-premises based on certain intervals or conditions"
"What is QuickSight?";"Build interactive dashboards which can be integrated into applications"
"What analytics service would you use to search data in Amazon S3?";"Athena"
"What analytics service would you use for real-time log analysis?";"Amazon Kinesis"
"What is Amazon Rekognition?";"Automate image and video analysis with features such as face and text detection,moderation, and custom label identity"
"What is Amazon Comprehend?";"Natural language processing service that finds relationship in text to do things such as analyzing reviews for customer sentiment"
"What is Amazon Polly?";"Turns text to speech"
"What is Amazon SageMaker?";"Build, train, and deploy machine learning models."
"What is Amazon Translate?";"Provides real-time and batch language translation"
"What is Amazon Lex?";"Build chatbots.  Powers Amazon Alexa"
"What is Cloud9?";"Browser based IDE.  Preconfigures dev environment with needed SDKs and library"
"What is CodeCommit?";"Source control for private git repositories"
"What is CodeBuild?";"Build and test source code to support CID."
"What is CodeDeploy?";"Manages deployment to compute services such as EC2, Lambda, Fargate, ect.  Minimizes downtime with rolling deployments"
"What is CodePipeline?";"Automates software releases by integrating with CodeBuild for unit tests, CodeCommit for source code retrieval, and CodeDeploy for deploying changes"
"What is X-Ray?";"Debug production applications by mapping components and tracking requests end-to-end"
"What is CodeStar?";"Assists with colaborative development by integrating with CodeCommit, CodeBuild, and CodeDeploy with issue tracking"
"What is Cloud Formation?";"Infrastructure as Code - Manage AWS resources with templates"
"What is Elastic Beanstalk?";"Automatically provisions resources to run uploaded java code.  Includes load balancing, autoscaling, and monitoring"
"What is OpsWorks?";"Automate code deployments and server provisioning with Chef and Puppet?"
"What is tight coupling?";"Parts of an application are highly dependent on each other?"
"What is loose coupling?";"Parts of an application are microservices not dependent on each other"
"What is SQS?";"Amazon Simple Queue Service is a message service to support loosely coupled applications can send, store, and receive messages from a message queue for First-In-First-Out processing."
"What is SNS?";"Amazon Simple Notification Service allows you to send emails and text messages from your applications.  Messages are published to a topic and subscribers receive the message.  Can be integrated into monitoring services such as Cloud Watch to trigger e-mails on monitoring parameters."
"What is SES?";"Amazon Simple Email Service send HTML formatted emails from your application.  Ideal for marketing emails, can track metrics such as click-through rates."
"What is CloudWatch and its 4 components?";"Used to monitor and observe cloud resources.  CloudWatch Alarms, CloudWatch Logs, CloudWatch Metrics, CloudWatch Events"
"What service can alert on root user activity?";"CloudWatch Events through SNS"
"What is CloudTrail?";"CloudTrail monitors API/user activity on your account.  It can track username, ip address, region, access key, error code and event time and name"
"What is Amazon Workspaces?";"Allows you to host virdtual desktops in the cloud"
"What is Amazon Connect?";"Cloud contact center."
"What is the Shared Responsibility Model?";"AWS is responsible for securing the infrastructure and their sphere of control on managed services such as S3 and Lambda.  The customer is responsible for patching ( on unmanaged services ), aplication security, IAM, software, network traffic, and security controls such as VPCs, usernames, and passwords."
"Who do you report abuse of AWS resources to?";"AWS Trust & Safety team."
"What are the 6 Pillars of the Well Architected Framework?";"1.  Operational Excellence
2.  Security
3.  Reliability
4.  Performance Efficiency
5.  Cost Optimization
6.  Sustainability"
"What are charactaristics of Operational Excellence?";"Plan for/anticipate failure
Deploy small/reversible changes
Script operations as code
Learn from failure"
"What are the characteristics of Security?";"Automate security
Encrypt data
Principle of least privileges
Logging (Cloud Trail)
Security at all layers"
"What are the characteristics of Reliability?";"Automatically recover from failure
Don't guess capacity
Horizontal scaling
Automate changes
Test recovery protocols"
"What are the characteristics of Performance Efficiency?";"Serverless architectures
Multi-AZ/Region deployments
Delegate tasks to a vendor
Experiment with virtual resources"
"What are the characteristics of Cost Optimization?";"Consumption-based pricing
Cloud Financial Management
Measured efficiency
Only pay for required resources"
"What are the characteristics of Sustainability?";"Understand environmental impact
Maximize utilization
Use managed services
Have sustainability goals
Consider the downstream impact of your application on the world"
"What is IAM?";"Identity and Access Management.  Global service used to control who can access AWS services."
"What are actions limited to the root user?";"Close the account
Change the account email address
Modify the support plan
Configure an Amazon S3 bucket to enable MFA
Register as a seller for the reserved instance marketplace"
"What are actions individual users can do?";"Perform actions within the scope of permissions granted to them."
"What is the principle of least privilege?";"Providing the minimum access required for a user to perform their role."
"What is a group?";"A collection of IAM users.  Can assign permissions to a user by putting them in a group(i.e. administrators)"
"What are roles?";"Permissions that are temporarily assumed by users or services by using policies.  Can be used to grant permissions across accounts."
"What are policies?";"How permissions for IAM users, groups, and roles are managed."
"How would you limit an S3 bucket to only be accessible by certain users?";"Attach an IAM policy in the form of a Bucket Access Policy."
"What should you use to setup access to services for EC2 instances";"Use roles instead of long-term access credentials"
"How would you list all the users in your account and the status of thier credentials?";"IAM Credential Report"
"What is AWS WAF?";"Protects your application against common web attacks such as SQL injections and Cross-site scripting."
"What is AWS Shield?";"A managed DDoS protection service"
"What is the difference between Shield Standard and Advanced?";"Shield Standard provides free protection from common attacks, Shield Advanced provides enhanced protection and 24/7 support."
"What services does Shield Advanced support?";"Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator, and Amazon Route 53 resources"
"What is Amazon Macie?";"Uses machine learning to discover personally identifiable information in Amazon S3"
"What is Amazon Config?";"Audit and evaluate configuration of services with history storage and notification alerts"
"What is GuardDuty?";"Intelligent threat detection system that uses machine learning.  Built in with EC2, S3, and IAM.  Reviewes logs from CloudTrail, VPC FLow, and DNS.  Can leverage CloudWatch Events and Lambda to automatically respond to threats"
What is Inspector?";"Agent which can be installed on EC2 instances that uncovers and detects vulnerabilities such as unintended access or vulnerable software versions."
"What is Artifact?";"Offers on-demand access to AWS security and compliance reports such as SOC or PCI compliance reports."
"What is Cognito?";"Helps control access to mobile and web applications by providing user sign-up, sign-in, and authorization.  Can use sign in methods such as Facebook and Google."
"What is KMS?";"Used to generate and store encryption keys.  Can be used to perform tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes."
"What is CloudHSM?";"Dedicated hardware security module to generate and manage encryption keys.  AWS does not have access to encryption keys."
"What is Secrets Manager?";"Rotate, manage, and retrieve secrets such as passwords/keys such as database credentials or api keys.  Application can make calls to secret manager instead of storing / hard-coding credentials.  Has built in support for RDS, Redshift, and DocumentDB."
"What are the three primary drivers of cost?";"Compute, storage, and outbound data transfer"
"What is Lambda pricing based on?";"Number of requests(first million free every month) and code execution tim"
"What is S3 Pricing based on?";"Location of S3 bucket, storage class, storage ( number and size of objects ), outbound data ( from a region ), requests and retrieval of data"
"What is RDS pricing based on";"Running hours, database engine, database size, memory, storage, on-demand vs reserved, number of database engines, number of api calls, single az vs double az, and outbound data transfer."
"What is TCO?";"Total Cost of Ownership"
"What is the Application Discovery Service?";"Get information on your on-premise datacenter, estimate TCO, assists working with other services to migrate to AWS"
"How can TCO be reduced?";"Minimize CapEX, reserved instances, right-size your environment to your usage needs"
"How can TCO be calculated?";"Utilizing the pricing calculator"
"What provides the most detailed information what services are driving your AWS costs?";"Cost and Usage Report"
"What tracks your costs over time?";"Cost and usage report"
"What service alerts you based on set thresholds?";"AWS Budgets"
"What allows you to manage multiple AWS accounts";"Organizations with an overall master payer account for consolidated billing and volume savings sharing RIs across accounts"
"What is an SCP?";"Service Control Policy that enforces permissions for organizations."
"What is an Organization Unit?";"Grouping of similar AWS accounts"
"What is a member account?";"Standard AWS accounts with AWS resources"
"What ensures your accounts conform to company wide policies?";"Control Tower"
"What are some uses of Control Tower?";"Works with AWS Organizations and implement controls such as disallowing public write access to all S3 buckets"
"What is the Systems Manager?";"Automate tasks against groups of instances such updating and running commands against multiple EC2 instances"
"What is the Trusted Advisor?";"Reviews your account to help you understand your best practices ( bucket permissions, MFA, open ports on EC2 instances), see service limits, and makes recommendations."
"What is required for Trusted Advisor to perform checks on IAM Policies?";"Enterprise or business support"
"What Trusted Advisor checks require Enterprise and Business Support?";"1.  Checks on IAM Policies
2.  Service usage greater than 80%
3.  Exposed access keys
4.  Cloudfront cost and delivery optimization"
"What service helps you manage software licenses?";"License Manager helps you manage on-premise and AWS licenses"
"What is Certificate Manager?";"A service which provisions and manages certificates with integration with load balancers, API gateway, and more services.  SSL Certificates can be provisioned for free"
"What are Managed Services?";"Provide management and operation of your AWS resources."
"What are Professional Services?";"Enterprise service to assist in migrating to the AWS Cloud."
"What is the APN?";"The Amazon Partner Network is approved AWS partners that provide consulting and software solutions."
"What is the AWS Marketplace?";"A service to buy and sell pre-built solutions and third party software to and from AWS customers."
"What is the Personal Health Dashboard?";"Alerts you to events which could impact your AWS Environments"
"What are the AWS Support Plans?";"Basic, Developer, Business, and Enterprise"
"What kind of support cases can be opened?";"Account and billing, service limit increases, and technical support."
"What support plans can open technical support tickets?";"Developer, business, and enterprise plans."
"What does AWS support not allow cases for?";"Code development, debugging software, or systems administration"
"What support is offered free for all AWS accounts including the basic support plan?";"Account and billing and service limit increases.".
"When and where can the basic support plan access support?";"24/7 through e-mail"
"What support resources are offered for the deveveloper support plan?";"Starting at $29 a month it offers Account and billing, service limit increases, and technical support with 1 primary contact and unlimited cases with a cloud support associate during business hours only.  The SLA is <24 hours for general guidance and <12 hours for system impairment."
"What support resources and SLAs for the business support plan?";"Meant for production workloads and starting at $100 a month it provides Account and billing, service limit increases, and technical support with unlimited contacts, cases, and the full set of Trusted Advisor checks with Cloud Support Engineers through email, phone, and chat 24/7.  The SLAs are <24 hours general guidance, <4 hours Production system impaired, <12 hours system impaired, <1 hour production system down."
"What support resources and SLAs for the enterprise support plan?";"Starting at 15,000 a month  it provides Account and billing, service limit increases, and technical support with unlimited contacts, cases, and the full set of Trusted Advisor checks, a technical account manager, concierge support team, and infrastructure event management.  You have access to Cloud Support Engineers with SLAs of  <24 hours general guidance, <4 hours Production system impaired, <12 hours system impaired, <1 hour production system down, and <15 minutes business-critical system down"
"What allows you to track AWS costs by labeling resources using a key and value pair?";"Cost allocation tags"
"What is the minimum support plan to access to the full set of Trusted Advisor checks?";"Business"
"What is the difference between a Solutions Partner and a Technology Partner?";"A Solutions Partners provide solutions built on or complementary to AWS services such as implementation, migration, training, and support services, while AWS Technology Partners provide technology that integrates with AWS services such as tools, software, or services to enhance the functionality of AWS services."
"Which services allow you to generate and store the encryption keys?";"CloudHSM and Key Management Service"
"What is tracked by CloudTrail when a user accesses the AWS Management Console?";"Username and Region"
"What services help monitor Service Limits?";"Trusted Advisor and Cloud Watch"
"What load balancer balances traffic based on HTTP(S) requests?";"Application Load Balancer"
"What service provides DDoS protection?";"AWS Shield"
"What should be assigned to an IAM user or AWS Service if access to another service is needed temporarily?";"A role"
"What service an ingest an analyze clickstream data in real time?";"Amazon Kinesis"
"What service can store the results of frequently accessed database queries for faster retrieveal?";"Elasticache"
"What are the different type of EC2 instances?";"1.  General purpose
2.  Compute optimized
3.  Memory optimized
4.  Accelerated computing instances
5.  Storage optimized instances"
"What are the types of scaling for EC2 autoscaling";"Dynamic - responding to change in demand
Predictive - based on a schedule"
"What is a subnet?";"A network inside of VPC to group resources into public or private subnetworks based on security or operational needs."
"What type of filtering do NACLs perform?";"Network ACLs perform stateless packet filtering. They record nothing and check packets that go inbound or outbound to/from a subnet."
"What does a security group do by default?";"Denies all inbound traffic and allows all outbound traffic."
"What does a NACL do by default?";"Allows all inbound and oubound traffic, unless it is custom, then inbound and outbound are denied by default."
"What is the explicit deny rule on the NACL?";"Denies packets if they do not match a rule on the list"
"What type of packet filtering do security groups do?";"Security groups perform stateful packet filtering which recalls decisions made for previous packets.  This allows an EC2 instance to make a request and receive a response even if the security group would otherwise deny the traffic based on inbound rules."
"What can be used to connect a private datacenter to AWS?";"AWS Direct Connect"
"What allows a VPC to connect to the internet?";"Internet Gateway"
"What is an EBS snapshot?";"An incremental backup of an Elastic Block Storage volume.  The first backup copies all data while future backups only save changes."
"What does each object in S3 consist of?";"The data, metadata, and a key.  The data is the content itself, the metadata is information about the content, and the key is its unique identifier."
"What is the maximum file size for an object in S3?";"5 TB"
"What is EFS?";"Elastic File Share is a service which provides a scalable file system accesible by multiple clients."
"What is a NoSQL database?";"A nonrelational database is a database which uses a structure such as key-value pairs instead of rows and columns.  Not each item has to have the same attributes."
"What is the Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB)?";"A ledger database service. Used to track and maintain a complete history of all the changes that have been made to your application data."
"What are the shared aspects of the AWS shared responsibility?";"Patch management, Configuration Management, and Awareness and Training"
"What is made up of one or more discrete data centers in separate facilities with separate utilities?";"Availability zones"
"What is an Application Load Balancer?";"Balances HTTP and HTTPS traffic on Layer 7.  Routes traffic to VPC based on content. "
"What is a Network Load Balancer?";"Balances based on TCP, UDP, and TLS traffic on Level 4.  Capable of handling millions of requests per second with low latencies as well as sudden and unpredicatable traffic patterns."
"What is a Classic Load Balancer?";"Proides basic load balancing across multiple Ec2 instances at the request and connection level."
"What is a Gateway Load Balancer?";"Layer 3 Load Balancer that listens for IP packets on all ports and forwards traffic to a targetted group."
"What service provides fast and reliable of physical, virtual, and cloud server into AWS Cloud?";"CloudEndure"
"Does RDS scale automatically?";"No"
"What service inspects your AWS environment to make recommendations to lower expenditures, improve performance and reliability, and close security gaps?"
"What are the five categories Trusted Advisor checks on?";"Cost Optimization, Security, Fault Tolerance, Performance, and Service Limits"
"What performs automated security assessments?";"AWS Inspector"
"What is a landing zone to implement well-architected multi-account environments with best practices from?";"AWS Control Tower"
"What service helps with AWS and Cloud configuration management with tools such as Chef and Puppet?";"OpsWorks"
"What automated code deployments to any instance, both in cloud and on-premises?";"Code Deploy"
"What type of types of deployments can AWS CloudFormation support?";"AWS Cloud deployments only"
"What service allows you to track your Reserved EC2 Instance usage?";"AWS Cost and Usage Report"
"What service provides RI purchase recommendations based on past usage?";"AWS Cost Explorer"
"What level is a VPC limited to?";"Availability Zone"
"What is the best way to copy your AWS infrastructure from region to region?";"Cloud Formation template"
"How should you track all activites on your AWS account?";"In AWS CloudTrail using a ulti-region trail"
"What service lets you communicate with customers across email, SMS, and mobile push notifications?";"Amazon Pinpoint"
"What cloud best practice is represented by multi-threading?";"Think parallel"
"What connects your local network to an AWS VPC through an IPCSec tunnel?";"A VPN Gateway"
"How can you create a name to use for your account instead of a number?";"Create an account alias in IAM."
"What practice do mothly game days and small incremental changes represent?";"Operational excellence"



















































































































